You can also use the array from method with iterable.
So to illustrate that we'll make a new set and we'll just pass in an array to initialize some values
like so and then after that all we have to do is consulate or log this.
And then we're going to take this and use it to make an array so do Konst array equals array from parentheses
pass in the set and then counsel dot log array like so as you can see it was originally s.a I used it
to make an array so we can not only work with array like objects but we can also use this with iterable.
And by that logic it means we can also work on any kind of object with a symbol da iterator.
So for example we'll do a concert RBJ equals an object right here and inside of here we're just going
to do a generator function this symbol if I can't spell correctly this will work to iterator like so.
Iterator then inside of here we're going to do is just yield one and then yield to then yield three
like so.
Then after that I can do Konst array two equals a radar from and I'll just pass this object directly
since it has an iterator on it.
And I might even pass in a mapping function so I'll do value plus one.
And then I don't need parentheses because if it's just a one line return statement there's no need for
parentheses.
And then after that I'll just cancel dot log array to like so an unexpected token on line 60 right here
I use parentheses as always.
There we go.
Now you can see it turn this object right here with a symbol iterator on it into an array as well.